Added alt descriptions for the images part 2 (#20947)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document_object_model/traversing_an_html_table_with_javascript_and_dom_interfaces/index.md

   const secondParagraph = paragraphs[1];
   ```

>    ![How a new node element is added to the second element of the array](sample2a2.jpg)

Reviewer: The rest of the text is using "descendant" and "sibling" terminology, so it would be good to keep with this instead of thinking in terms of arrays as we might loop over in in JS, for instance:

```suggestion
   ![A paragraph element is added as a new sibling to an existing paragraph in a DOM tree](sample2a2.jpg)
```

After testing this sample, note that the words hello and world are together: helloworld. So visually, when you see the HTML page it seems like the two text nodes hello and world are a single node, but remember that in the document model, there are two nodes. The second node is a new node of type `TEXT_NODE`, and it is the second child of the second `<p>` tag. The following figure shows the recently created Text Node object inside the document tree.

> ![Appending a new text element to the text node object](sample2b2.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Text nodes in a paragraph element as individual siblings in the DOM tree.](sample2b2.jpg)
```
